docsy(v2): document Ray autoscaler_options (AutoscalerOptionsConfig) (#1463)
unionai/docs: content/integrations/ray/_index.md

| `limits` | `Resources` | Resource limits for the head node |
| `pod_template` | `PodTemplate` | Full pod template (mutually exclusive with `requests`/`limits`) |

### `AutoscalerOptionsConfig` parameters

Setting `enable_autoscaling=True` runs the Ray autoscaler with KubeRay's defaults. Pass `autoscaler_options` to tune it:

```python
from flyteplugins.ray import AutoscalerOptionsConfig, RayJobConfig, WorkerNodeConfig

> ray_config = RayJobConfig(

Author: Applied in `81375824`. Also states the `idle_timeout_seconds` default of 60 (`raycluster_types.go:226-228`, kuberay v1.6.2) and that an explicit `0` is dropped by the `> 0` guard at `ray.go:140` rather than disabling idle removal.

    worker_node_config=[
        WorkerNodeConfig(group_name="ray-group", replicas=1, min_replicas=1, max_replicas=5)
    ],
    enable_autoscaling=True,
    autoscaler_options=AutoscalerOptionsConfig(
        upscaling_mode=AutoscalerOptionsConfig.UpscalingMode.CONSERVATIVE,
        idle_timeout_seconds=120,
        resources=flyte.Resources(cpu=("500m", "1"), memory=("512Mi", "1Gi")),
    ),
)
```

| Parameter | Type | Description |
|-----------|------|-------------|

> | `upscaling_mode` | `AutoscalerOptionsConfig.UpscalingMode` | How aggressively to add nodes. One of `DEFAULT`, `AGGRESSIVE`, `CONSERVATIVE`, `UNSPECIFIED` |

Author: **blocking.** These are not four graded settings. Ray maps `DEFAULT` and `AGGRESSIVE` to the same `upscaling_speed` of 1000 and marks the second branch redundant in its own source. `UNSPECIFIED` is a sentinel the plugin drops before the CR, so it is not a mode a reader can pick. Only `CONSERVATIVE` behaves differently. (`autoscaling_config.py:110`)

```suggestion
| `upscaling_mode` | `AutoscalerOptionsConfig.UpscalingMode` | Rate limiting on adding nodes. `CONSERVATIVE` holds the number of pending worker pods to at most the current cluster size. `DEFAULT` and `AGGRESSIVE` are the same setting: no rate limit. Leaving the field unset, or passing `UNSPECIFIED`, also means no rate limit |
```

Author: Applied in `cc067b1c`. Confirmed at `autoscaling_config.py:107-116`: `CONSERVATIVE` maps to `upscaling_speed` 1, the other three to 1000, and Ray calls the `AGGRESSIVE` branch redundant in its own comment.

> | `upscaling_mode` | `AutoscalerOptionsConfig.UpscalingMode` | How aggressively to add nodes. One of `DEFAULT`, `AGGRESSIVE`, `CONSERVATIVE`, `UNSPECIFIED` |

Author: Covered by the rewritten row in `cc067b1c`: `UNSPECIFIED` is now described as equivalent to leaving the field unset, not as a selectable mode.

| `idle_timeout_seconds` | `int` | Seconds a node may sit idle before the autoscaler removes it |
| `image` | `str` | Container image for the autoscaler sidecar |
| `env` | `Dict[str, str]` | Environment variables for the autoscaler container |
| `resources` | `Resources` | Requests and limits for the autoscaler sidecar |

> Every field is optional, and any field you leave unset keeps the KubeRay default rather than being zeroed. `resources` accepts tuples to set a request and a limit together, as in `flyte.Resources(cpu=("500m", "1"))`.

Author: **blocking.** False for `resources`. Passing `autoscaler_options` at all sets `AutoscalerOptions.Resources` to a non-nil empty value, and KubeRay replaces its 500m CPU / 512Mi request and limit defaults wholesale rather than merging them. So omitting `resources`, or setting only a request, leaves the sidecar without them. (`pod.go:730`)

```suggestion
Every field is optional. Leaving `upscaling_mode`, `idle_timeout_seconds`, `image`, or `env` unset keeps the KubeRay default. `resources` is the exception: whenever you pass `autoscaler_options`, whatever you give for `resources` replaces the sidecar's default 500m CPU and 512Mi memory requests and limits outright. Omit it and the sidecar runs with no requests or limits at all; set only a request and it also loses the default limits. Set `resources` explicitly, on both sides. It accepts tuples to set a request and a limit together, as in `flyte.Resources(cpu=("500m", "1"))`.
```

Author: Applied in `cc067b1c`. Re-verified before applying: `ToK8sResourceRequirements(nil)` returns a non-nil empty struct with a nil error (`utils.go:53-55`), so the `err == nil` guard cannot fail and KubeRay takes the replace branch at `pod.go:730-731`.
